LSAの無効化をお知らせするboxの追加 (#1209)
utelecon/utelecon.github.io: src/pages/en/google/index.mdx

<WwweccEol systemName="ECCS Cloud Email (Google Workspace)"/>

<div class="box">

> On September 30, 2024, Google disabled Less Secure Applications (LSA). Some ECCS Cloud Mail users may be affected by this disablement. For more information, please see "[Disabling Less Secure Applications (LSA) in ECCS Cloud Mail](/notice/2024/0930-google-lsa) (written in Japanese only)."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On September 30, 2024, Google disabled Less Secure Applications (LSA). Some ECCS Cloud Email users may be affected by this change. For more information, please see "[Disabling Less Secure Applications (LSA) in ECCS Cloud Email](/notice/2024/0930-google-lsa) (written in Japanese only)."
```
